## Implicit bias

1. What were your reflections from the video?

  - The video in general made me feel more confident that there is some space I can carve out in the tech field that can fulfill my needs as a neurodivergent person. I’ve struggled in the past to feel like I “fit in” to spaces and it’s impeded my ability to feel seen and satisfied with my job or the environments I was spending a lot of time in. A quote from Brian Welle, Director of People Analytics that really resonated with me is, “Every single person is great at things you may not expect them to be but it’s really hard for us to see that when we’re so powerfully guided by things we expect to be true in the world”. Implicit Bias is hard to combat and is present in all of us. Bringing awareness to the judgements we are making without conscious thought will help expand empathy and also find neglected potential in places/people we automatically disregard because of past experiences and biases we have not explored.


2. In what ways have you examined your implicit biases before coming to Turing?

  - It’s been a mission of mine to consistently practice empathy with those who are different from me and I think my previous time in healthcare has been helpful in engaging with my biases and challenging them. Especially as a Home Health Aide, I had a lot of confronting moments that forced me to deconstruct and analyze my biases. One memory that stands out was meeting a 90 year old client for the first time. She had been legally blind for a couple decades at the time and was just returning home from months in rehab after a car crash that proved fatal to her husband and nearly fatal for her. When meeting her for the first time, wanting to be helpful and sensitive to all her physical barriers, I offered to make a phone call for her to see if a prescription was ready to pick up. She paused, then after a few moments gave me the most annoyed look and said, “You think I can’t use a phone?”. She then pulled out her phone and masterfully navigated through with the assistive technologies she had set up and made the call, saying nothing to me. She eventually ended up showing me features on her iPhone that I didn’t even know existed. I realized the bias fueling my assumptions that since she was visually impaired and advanced in age that making a phone call would be hard if not impossible without help from a “more” able person. From then on, I made efforts to be aware of the way I talked to the folks I was caring for and tried to avoid taking away their autonomy or insulting them by consistently challenging my biases and being willing to admit when my bias did contribute to untrue assumptions about their ability to take care of themselves and be independent.

3. What kind of software do you imagine building in the future? How will understanding biases (or avoiding understanding biases) impact your products?

  - Socializing and accessing mental health services was/is always a challenge for me as a person with ADHD. I grew up in a very rural area and didn’t have access to the internet or a computer consistently until I bought my own laptop for college around age 17. Since then, the internet has changed my life in innumerable ways by connecting me to information and resources that are crucial to managing my condition and I want to make resources more accessible for others who feel excluded or struggle to engage in these technologies/services . When building assistive technologies, there are a lot of ways my biases could affect the product I create, especially when trying to make products that are useful to a large number of people.
  I often think about how hard it is for me to access and benefit from healthcare, and I know for people with    other identities, there are additional challenges I don’t even know about. If I create a platform to connect people who struggle like me to find competent healthcare providers, and don’t explore how my biases are impacting the features I create, it won’t be accessible to the greatest number of people. For example, as a white person, it’s relatively easy for me to find providers who at least look like me and can provide me with culturally competent care. I can’t imagine being a person of color who has to navigate the same convoluted system while having to weed through all the other barriers to competent care they face.  Receiving healthcare from people who do not look like you, don’t have any shared life experience, and/or are not culturally competent/aware of the barriers you might have faced historically and currently because of your minority status, is just simply not as effective in producing good health outcomes, as research has shown time and time again. Challenging the assumptions about the people who could possibly be in need of a product I can build will help me build more useful products. Beyond this, understanding the biases other people already face in certain spaces can help me avoid perpetuating the problem by creating something “different” but that is just as biased/hard to interact with as other platforms.

## Intersectionality

1. When you consider the way you move through the world, what elements of your identity are you most aware of on a daily basis?

  - The elements of my identity that I am most aware of are my neurodivergence and being a woman.

2. What strengths does your identity give you? How will you utilize those at Turing?

  - I think both aspects of my identity listed above have spurred me to develop empathy for those around me. Struggling in certain ways or being treated in certain ways because of my neurodivergence or my status as a female has made it impossible to ignore the struggles of others when I witness it, so I can extend empathy, understanding, and support to others, even if we have different identities.

3. How do you think you could value the identies of those around you to bring out their strengths at Turing?

  - I think being curious and open to others is a good rule in general when engaging in our education. Engaging in genuine conversations so others can share more of themselves or their unique perspective is the only way to uncover our potentials and allow everyone’s strengths to shine. Through my previous life and career experiences, especially in healthcare and various management roles, I found the benefit of listening and making space for others.  

4. Has there been a time where you were able to advocate or include people around you?
  How will your strengths impact you as a teammate? What will you bring to your cohort?

    - I think having empathy and making efforts to engage those around me has made almost every situation more valuable and impacting for me and the people around me. Once I am comfortable in a new environment, I know from feedback that I can bring down the anxiety in a room by being open and creating room, without judgement, for everyone’s unique personality to flourish.  
